Version: 1.0

The righack software project is being created and managed by

  Tyler Riddle KG7OEM <cardboardaardvark@gmail.com>

(the "Author" ) and is the current Benevolant Dictator For Life (BDFL).
Contributions from the public are welcome and encouraged but must adhere
to the contributor agreement as specified in this document. Individuals
that submit a patch for inclusion in this project are known as Contributors.

The goal of this contributor agreement is to provide the author the required
flexibility to manage this project in the future. Contributors agree that the
Author or another individual appointed as benevolant dictator for life of the
righack project can place the work of the Contributors under different license
terms than the project had when the submission was provided.

Specifically at the discretion of the Author or current BDFL the entire project
may have the license terms changed with out limit including all work from all
Contributors. Contributors acknowledge that they have no expectation of control
over the licensing terms associated with the contributed work.


HOW TO SUBMIT A PATCH

If this is your first contribution to the righack project then your first patch
must include a file that confirms you agree with the terms of the contributor
agreement. Please include this file, as described below, along with the rest
of the contents of your change in a single patch.

Copy the contents of this file (CONTRIBUTING.txt) to contributors/<your email>
and fill out your name and email address in the CONTRIBUTOR AGREEMENT section
at the bottom. See the contributors/ directory for existing examples.


WHY?

I'm trying to solve a big problem before it crops up. I'm would like to be able
to change opensource licenses in the future and not have to contact all of the
Contributors to the project to do it. Ideally this agreement would place limits
on what those future licenses might be but that turned out to be difficult to
define well. Because I'm just one guy and I don't have a lot of time for
administrative hassle I'm starting off keeping it simple.


CONTRIBUTOR AGREEMENT

I, [name and email address go here], (the "Contributor"),
hereby agree that any work submitted by the Contributor and included in the
righack project may have the license terms changed at any time and with out
restriction at the sole discrition of the Author or current BDFL. Contributor
acknowledges there is no expectation of control over the license terms
associated with their submitted work.

Contributor also acknowledges that the submitted work is their own creation or
is suitably licensed, such as software that is in the public domain, for
inclusion in this project and for any future license changes. Any third party
software included as a part of a submission must include information related
to the license used by the software.
